---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-29T17:28:57.710Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-29T17:28:54.605Z'
title: BLOG
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-29-blog.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: blog/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
As a CEO's or General Manager, you know that the teams of your organization are responsible for fulfilling all your promises and strategies; therefore, is no small feat to increase the effectiveness of our teams. After working extensively in startups, family businesses and large corporations, i find that team development is an ongoing process always worth exploring.

Here are two articles that I found that talk about a GOOGLE's research on their top performing teams and managers (Google is one of the top 10 companies to work for according to Glassdor: 

http://bit.ly/bds\_accelerator). 

These two articles were written by 

Stéphanie Thomson who is an editor at the World Economic Forum. 

This first article talks about Google's discovery of what makes effective teams. This 2 year study analyzed 180 teams in the quest for finding the dream team recipe. Here is the link to the full article 

http://bit.ly/bds\_accelerator2

.

The second article is about the research that GOOGLE has made to find the characteristics that make a Great Manager. Through surveys, interviews and performance reviews they found 8 Skills that Google Looks for in Managers.

You can read the full article: 

http://bit.ly/bds\_accelerator1

[][0][][1][][2]

I would like to share with you the top 3 ideas I got out of this two articles about teams and managers if you want to stand out as leader and help your company grow:

* Work structure is very important. "Who is on a team matters less than how the team members interact, structure their work, and view their contributions." 

* Managers make a difference. "Teams with great managers were happier and more productive"

* Best Managers Develop Talent. Managers that have finished Google's training are spending up to 30% - 50% of their time helping other team members grow.

As of today start looking at your people's development as the way to become a better and top performing leader.

Wadi Bardawil

President BDS Capital and BDS Accelerator 

We strive to help companies increase their odds of success by 

EMPOWERING TALENT AND PROFITABILITY 

If you would like to follow great feel free or reach out to content with me @wbardawil in twitter

[0]: http://bit.ly/bds_accelerator
[1]: http://bit.ly/bds_accelerator2
[2]: http://bit.ly/bds_accelerator1